When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You would want to use a remote repository if you were working on a group project because everyone can interact with the repository to do their part. A remote repository might also be good if you have to work on more than one computer.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If you were working on a group project and more than one person was working on a branch, you would not want that person's changes to interfere with your changes while you are working. Pulling manually ensures that you are pulling only when you want to add the commits to your branch.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Branches might be used when want to try out experimental changes that might affect the stability of the master version. You can clone a respository if you have permission to edit it, and if you do not have permission, you can fork a repository so that you can introduce your own changes in your own repository. This gives proper credit to the original creator of the content.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It's very useful to have a local copy of the last known state of the remote because if you made changes to your local branch, git will let you know that you are ahead of the local remote copy. If you made changes to your local branch and a collaborator made changes to the remote, you can fetch those changes your collaborator made and deal with any conflicts without it interfering with your code.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I think it would be harder to collaborate without Git/GitHub generally because it is much more difficult to keep track of changes. Two different people could have made totally different changes to their files without keeping track of logical changes, making it very difficult to deal with later. You may be able to come up with another way to track changes, like saving multiple versions of files after certain changes, but Git/GitHub seems to streamline the process much more. Also, pull requests make it much easier to ask someone for comments highlighting just the changes you have made in your last logical change.